rehype-starry-night/README.md, before:

# rehype-starry-night

## What is it?

It's a [rehype](https://github.com/rehypejs/rehype) plugin to transform `<code>` blocks with language attribute with @wooorm's [starry-night](https://github.com/wooorm/starry-night) code syntax highlighter.

You may want to try this if you were unhappy with results from [prism](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism/) or [shiki](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki).

## How to use?

1. Install the plugin with npm (`npm install rehype-starry-night`)
2. Use in a unified pipeline like this:

```js
import fs from 'node:fs/promises'
import { unified } from 'unified'
import remarkParse from 'remark-parse'
import remarkRehype from 'remark-rehype'
import rehypeStringify from 'rehype-stringify'
import rehypeStarryNight from 'rehype-starry-night'

const file = await unified()
  .use(remarkParse)
  .use(remarkRehype)
  .use(rehypeStarryNight)
  .use(rehypeStringify)
  .process(await fs.readFile('example.md'))

console.log(String(file))
```

## Configure?

The options you can pass are the same as the original project, which you can find [here](https://github.com/wooorm/starry-night#createstarrynightgrammars-options).

Since _most of the time_ this plugin will be used in a larger context which involves pre-processing of markdown, i took the freedom to default `grammars` to `all` which means all languages should be supported out of the box. There's no extra cost at install since this `all` is brought by starry night, and should not impact performance as long as you don't run this in the browser.

Commit message:

add deprecation warning to this version

rehype-starry-night/README.md, after:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This package is not maintained by me anymore. I've only written this package at a time where it was not yet existing in the unified ecosystem and they didn't have time to create it. I've been approached by @wooorm about taking over and I think it's the right thing to do. This package would be in better hands with this community rather than myself. The latest source will be available at the homepage url of the package, which you'll find directly at https://www.npmjs.com/package/rehype-starry-night.

# rehype-starry-night

## What is it?

It's a [rehype](https://github.com/rehypejs/rehype) plugin to transform `<code>` blocks with language attribute with @wooorm's [starry-night](https://github.com/wooorm/starry-night) code syntax highlighter.

You may want to try this if you were unhappy with results from [prism](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism/) or [shiki](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki).

## How to use?

1. Install the plugin with npm (`npm install rehype-starry-night`)
2. Use in a unified pipeline like this:

```js
import fs from 'node:fs/promises'
import { unified } from 'unified'
import remarkParse from 'remark-parse'
import remarkRehype from 'remark-rehype'
import rehypeStringify from 'rehype-stringify'
import rehypeStarryNight from 'rehype-starry-night'

const file = await unified()
  .use(remarkParse)
  .use(remarkRehype)
  .use(rehypeStarryNight)
  .use(rehypeStringify)
  .process(await fs.readFile('example.md'))

console.log(String(file))
```

## Configure?

The options you can pass are the same as the original project, which you can find [here](https://github.com/wooorm/starry-night#createstarrynightgrammars-options).

Since _most of the time_ this plugin will be used in a larger context which involves pre-processing of markdown, i took the freedom to default `grammars` to `all` which means all languages should be supported out of the box. There's no extra cost at install since this `all` is brought by starry night, and should not impact performance as long as you don't run this in the browser.
